Project Phase 1: Amina Shikhalieva (as2642), Gauri Pidatala (vp233)

Github link: https://github.com/Amina-S/2950_project 

Dataset Ideas:
1.	Some combination of the stats pages of classes on Piazza, ratings from ratemyprofs.com, course 
grading systems, and/or reddit discussion topics. Our idea is to basically answer the question of 
how to make a class a better, more enjoyable learning environment for students. For instance, 
does a faster average response time on Piazza correspond with higher overall marks on 
ratemyprof.com (which also gives info about student opinions of the class)? Are there certain 
patterns among grading systems which correspond with more critical posts about the class on 
reddit? 
We plan to use Piazza stats from CS and non-CS courses we’ve taken, and that our friends have 
taken, and subdivide our results by subject (for instance, we’ve heard lots of complaints of 
physics professors being really inactive on Piazza and causing frustration among students, and 
we’d like to investigate its effects).
2.	Eating habits during quarantine. We wanted to analyze shopping habits of American consumers 
and identify any change in eating habits. For example, do people opt to buy more processed 
foods to save money? Or will there be a greater shift to whole foods for cooking at home?
3.	An investigation to see the highest scoring kicks of taekwondo athletes in relation to their height. 
In taekwondo there are general styles that are recommended for people with shorter vs longer 
legs, but which kicks specifically score more points for people of any height? We planned to 
collect height data on Olympic taekwondo athletes and watch matches from the 2016 Olympics 
and record which kicks score how many points for each athlete.

Questions for reviewers:
-	We are leaning most towards our first idea, but we were wondering if the data analysis we want 
is too simplistic. The hardest part of our plan would be collecting the data and somehow 
quantifying student opinions on each class (we planned to use average ratings on 
ratemyprofessor.com for the professor who taught the class that given semester as one 
measure of like-ability of the course). Is there any deeper or more complex way to analyze our 
data to get the most insightful results?
-	
